So the burning question you might be having right now is "where does JavaScript fit in here?"
And before I can answer that, I just want you to think about programming languages in general because
you and I know that they are hundreds of programming languages out there since the start of computing.
But at any given time, there are perhaps a dozen or so that are popular languages.
And as the years go by, different languages wax and wane in popularity and some come and go. Some are a big hit,
but most of them aren't.
So this list of popular programming languages changes over time
right?
But I'll be honest, this list changes very slowly.
And JavaScript is core.
JavaScript is one of those languages that have been around for a very long time, and I can't see how
JavaScript will disappear.
You know, it's in pretty much every single web page you visit - they have JavaScript in some form.
Also, JavaScript is just a programming language and is one of many.  And most programmers during their
careers will not learn one language.
And the good news is for you and I is that once you've learnt one language, it's very quick and ...
well I wouldn't way very quick, that's
a lie,
okay, it's "easier".
Once you learn one language, it's "easier" to learn another language.
And that's partly because, you know, the rules and syntax is largely the same with a few a few tweaks
here and there.
I'm going to ask you a very cool question now. Are you really?
Are you listening?
Okay, hold on to your chair.
I'm going to ask you a very important question.
Why isn't there just one language?
Why are there these myriad of languages?
And the answer is drumroll, please.
(drumroll sound)
There is. It's called machine code.
And let's jump into machine code now.